NARRATOR With entry
into the Kalos League
driving Ash forward
our heroes
now head to Cyllage City
home of Ash's
next Kalos Gym battle.
If we don't hurry, we won't get
to the Pokémon Center
before the sun sets.
Then we can just camp out.
No big deal!
We'll camp out?
‐ What's wrong?
‐ Don't you have your gear?
Well, actually, my mom told me
this might happen
but I never really considered
that I'd end up
having to sleep
outside for real.
I brought an extra
sleeping bag with me
so you're welcome
to use it if you like.
And you can sleep with me
in my tent!
[HAPPY]
Uh, that's so nice.
Everybody ready to have
a big dinner?
[EXCITED]
Wow, what a feast! Everything
looks so totally delicious!
Help yourselves!
Bon appetit!
It's great!
You're really a great cook!
Thanks!
Cooking's a lot like inventing.
Make a plan, gather materials,
and then go!
My big brother, the chef!
Hooray!
SERENA
'Mmm, that was wonderful.'
'Thanks so much!'
BONNIE
Yeah, thanks!
Oh, yeah, am I stuffed.
[STUFFED]
Now, who has room for dessert?
Yesterday when we stayed at the
Pokémon Center, I made macarons!
‐ Nobody makes them like you do!
‐ Yay!
Hey, I want one!
CLEMONT
'I'll get the tea.'
Macarons and tea make
the perfect combination!
Okay, let's try them!
‐ Huh! What? It's empty!
‐ Huh!
‐ Excuse me?
‐ 'What was that?'
‐ No!
‐ Oh, man.
Uh, that's so weird.
Could I have dropped them?
‐ I hope not.
‐ Huh! Hey, Chespin!
'Did you take
all the macarons again?'
[HAPPY]/[RAVENOUS]
You can't eat them all!
[PROUD]
Come on!
That was the last macaron!
♪ I wanna be the very best ♪
♪ Like no one ever was ♪
♪ To catch them
is my real test ♪
♪ To train them is my cause ♪
♪ Pokémon
gotta catch them all ♪
♪ It's you and me
Pokémon ♪
♪ I know it's my destiny ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Oh you're my best friend
In a world we must defend ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
♪ Gotta catch 'em all
Gotta catch 'em all ♪
♪ Pokémon ♪
ASH
"An Appetite for Battle!"
On behalf of Chespin,
I sincerely apologize!
‐ Forget it.
‐ Yeah.
It's really not
that big of a deal.
Maybe, but I really wanted
a macaron.
[DISAPPOINTED]
Don't worry.
I can always make more.
[FULL]
Okay, now that we're all set,
how about a Pokémon battle?
Sounds good to me!
Hey, Chespin, let's battle
and get a little exercise.
[STRUGGLING]
Let's go, Froakie!
[DETERMINED]
Chespin, now it's your time
to shine!
[FOCUSED]
Froakie, use Bubble!
[BUBBLE MOVE]
Dodge it!
[PAINED]
Chespin's usually much faster
than that.
I think its tummy is full.
Now, Chespin, use Tackle!
[DETERMINED]
Okay, Froakie! Use Pound!
[POUND MOVE]
Dodge it, Chespin!
[DETERMINED]/[PAINED]
Faster! Move!
[PAINED]
[CONFUSED]
[POUND MOVE]
[PAINED]/[DAZED]
Huh! Oh, well.
Stop! That's it!
[EXASPERATED]
Guess I won, but..
[EXERTION]
[sighs]
Being a Gym Leader
and losing like that
is kind of embarrassing.
The way things are now
I bet even Dedenne could beat
Chespin in a battle!
[EXCITED]
No way.
I don't think
that would ever happen.
Yeah? Prove it!
‐ Battle us!
‐ Yeah! I wanna see that.
What do you say, Chespin?
[DETERMINED]
Dedenne, show them
what you can do!
[EXCITED]
Are you ready, Chespin?
Now don't be overconfident,
just because
your opponent happens to be
smaller than you!
[CONFIDENT]
Wow, I wonder if Chespin
can handle this?
Its stomach looks pretty full.
[CONCERNED]
Now, this time we'll go first!
Use Tackle!
[DETERMINED]
[STRUGGLING]
[EMBARRASSED]
[ATTACK]
[PAINED]
[DAZED]
‐ Oh.
‐ You did it!
[JOYFUL]
And it looks like little sister
comes out on top!
Yeah, and big brother gets
knocked down a notch or two.
[EXASPERATED]
Look, look!
Cater‐pie!
[laughs]
That's great!
Okay, my turn!
‐ Who?
‐ Uh..
I know!
You're a Swadloon!
‐ Exactly!
‐ Looks just like it!
[AMUSED]
BONNIE
'Okay, okay, how about this?'
Okay now, Chespin.
I'm a Gym Leader
and you're my Pokémon
'so here's the deal..'
[EXHAUSTED]
We can't have you
battling like that
'just because you ate too much.'
'But, not to worry.'
With this machine, you'll
be full of energy in no time!
[CURIOUS]/[DELIGHTED]
There! All done!
We'll get you moving again,
with my brand‐new invention!
Now, if this test run
is successful
I'll have Chespin use it.
Okay, here goes!
Exercise Gear, on!
I feel it!
Treadmill accelerator speed..
...on!
[laughs]
I can't wait for Chespin
to take a crack at this.
[DELIGHTED]
[panting]
How do I stop this thing? Aah!
[explosion]
‐ Whoa, what was that?
‐ Black smoke!
What happened?
[WORRIED]
[groaning]
[coughing]
Oh, big brother?
‐ What are you doing?
‐ What is this?
Well, it's exercise gear
designed to help get
Chespin back
into tip‐top condition.
I don't think it works.
[AMUSED]
This will only take a second
to repair.
So why don't you give my
invention a try, Chespin?
Hey, I don't see Chespin
anywhere.
I know Chespin was here
just a minute ago.
It could've gotten frightened by
the explosion and gone to hide.
Well, it couldn't have
gotten far.
Hey!
Hey, Chespin!
Chespin, where are you?
[URGENT]
[EAGER]
[ASLEEP]
Chespin, can you hear us?
I sure hope we find it soon.
Gee, maybe Chespin
doesn't like us anymore?
Huh! Oh.
Don't worry.
We're gonna find Chespin!
We just gonna have to widen our
search a bit.
Okay, let's go!
[EAGER]
[ASLEEP]/[PEACEFUL]
Oh, my!
What a cute little Chespin!
But what are you doing here,
I wonder?
Hey! Chespin!
[URGENT]
[heavy breathing]
I'm really starting
to get really worried.
I wonder if Chespin was really
shocked after losing so bad.
It's my fault.
I was the one who forced
Chespin to have a battle
after it had eaten
all of those macarons
and now it doesn't like me
anymore.
Chespin must've run away.
I know it.
‐ I'm sure that's not true.
‐ Maybe.
I really hope you're right.
Let's all split up and
search the whole area!
Yeah! Pikachu and I will go
look over there!
Come on, buddy!
[DETERMINED]
We'll come back here when
we find Chespin.
Okay, I'm gonna
look over this way.
‐ Me too.
‐ Hm.
Then I'll go this direction
and take a look.
[ASLEEP]
[STARTLED]/[CURIOUS]
[EXCITED]/[RAVENOUS]
So, you're awake, eh?
[EXCITED]
I've just baked
some delicious macarons.
[HAPPY]
Huh! Huh?
It's Chespin.
So, dear, do you like
the macarons that I baked?
[EXCITED]
Why, that's just wonderful!
'You may eat
as many as you like!'
[JOYFUL]
It looks so happy.
GROUP
Who's that Pokémon?
It's Delphox!
[EXCITED]
Find it?
No, I didn't see Chespin
anywhere.
[SAD]
‐ Me neither.
‐ I can't believe Chespin
would've run away from us.
[UPSET]
Hey, Clemont.
Any news about Chespin?
Yeah. I found it.
Wow, that's great.
[EXCITED]
Thank goodness.
So, why isn't Chespin with you?
Doesn't matter.
I left Chespin where it was.
But why?
Why would you leave Chespin?
[CONFUSED]
Well, it was at a kind‐looking
old woman's house and Chespin
looked really happy.
‐ You're kidding.
‐ What are you talking about?
Well, I don't think Chespin
cares about me anymore.
Eating my macarons
seems to make you very happy.
[HAPPY]/[EXCITED]
I'm glad you enjoy them so much.
‐ 'Hey there!'
‐ Huh.
[STUNNED]
Well, it looks like
Wylie's come back.
[SURPRISED]
WYLIE
'Home again, home again.'
I was just thinking, there's
something you can do for me!
[STRUGGLING]
[exhales]
I won the village tournament.
[chuckles]
Boy, am I hungry.
Grandma, where are you?
Oh, those look good.
‐ Just a minute!
‐ Ugh!
You can't touch
these macarons yet!
Well, why not?
Not one single bite until you
have a battle with me.
A battle again?
You should know by now
there's no way
you're gonna beat me.
Wait, maybe
you've found a Pokémon
you think can win
against my Delphox?
That's right!
I've got a secret weapon today!
Meet Chespin!
[SHOCKED]/[PANICKED]
Ha! Grass‐type, eh?
That's just fine!
On one condition.
If I win you'll forgive me
for what I said yesterday.
Alright, but if I win
then you'll have
to apologize to me!
Now, today is gonna be
the day that I finally
defeat you
in a Pokémon battle!
Alright, Chespin!
[PANICKED]
Great. Here we go, Delphox!
Come on out!
[DETERMINED]
[SCARED]
Will‐O‐Wisp!
[WILL‐O‐WISP MOVE]
[SCARED]
‐ Huh?
‐ What's that?
‐ It's coming from the house.
‐ Oh, no! Chespin!
‐ Clemont!
Looks to me like Clemont
still cares about Chespin
an awful lot.
Come on, let's go too!
[URGENT]
[PANICKED]
Oh! Chespin, no.
Please, little Chespin.
Stay strong.
Quick, do something.
Counterattack.
[SCARED]
[laughs]
Looks like it's gonna be
another win for me.
Dear, I guess little Chespin
doesn't know
how to battle after all.
‐ What's Chespin doing?
‐ It's having a battle.
‐ Shouldn't we stop it?
‐ Who's that Pokémon?
POKEDEX
Delphox, the Fox Pokémon
and the final
evolved form of Fennekin.
'When Delphox stares into the
flame on the tip of its branch'
'to achieve a focused state,
it creates'
'a white‐hot spiral of fire
with its psychic power.'
This isn't good!
A Fire‐type like Delphox
puts a Grass‐type
like Chespin at a disadvantage!
Sure does.
Clemont,
you've got to do something!
But what? I know Chespin
doesn't like me anymore.
It's time to wrap this thing up.
Delphox! Flamethrower!
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
Quick, Pikachu!
Go help Chespin, now!
[DETERMINED]
Chespin!
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
[SURPRISED]/[STUNNED]
Oh! Stop it, Delphox!
Stop it now! Stop it!
[groans]
Chespin! Are you alright?
[RELIEVED]
‐ Clemont.
‐ I'm sorry.
You see,
Chespin is my Pokémon.
Well, what do you know.
It looks like I've made
quite a mistake.
Then, that's that.
I suppose that would make me
the winner again.
[groans]
[GUILTY]
[DETERMINED]
Chespin?
[sighs]
Chespin and I would like
to finish the battle
for you, ma'am. Please?
I'm going to think about
Chespin's feelings more.
By doing that, somehow I think
it will help me grow
as a person and a Trainer.
Not sure
what you mean by that.
But anyway, I'd be pleased
to let you battle for me.
And, I'd be more pleased
if you win.
That old man owes me
an apology, got it?
Wylie, that's okay with you,
isn't it?
Uh, okay.
If that's how the boy feels.
Thank you very much.
You ready to go, Chespin?
[DETERMINED]
Chespin sure looks
like it means business now.
[AMAZED]
I don't think
Clemont's feeling down anymore.
Alright.
You can do it, you two.
[ENCOURAGING]
Here we go then,
battle begin.
Will‐O‐Wisp!
[WILL‐O‐WISP MOVE]
Now!
Chespin, dodge by rolling.
[DETERMINED]/[EXERTION]
CLEMONT
It's no good making Chespin
attack with a
full stomach.
But, if it can keep moving
and stay out of the way.
Delphox, use Flamethrower!
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
Alright, Chespin,
drop and roll.
[DETERMINED]/[EXERTION]
I don't know,
Chespin just keeps rolling.
Is his strategy working?
It's really hard to tell.
I'm starting to think
that it is.
Being rounder helps it
to roll around.
BONNIE 'Oh, yeah.
Maybe that'll keep Chespin
from getting hit.'
Will‐O‐Wisp!
[WILL‐O‐WISP MOVE]
Chespin!
Keep rolling and dodging.
[DETERMINED]/[EXERTION]
Wow, it's working!
Now Chespin's starting
to move faster and faster.
Yay, Chespin! Way to go!
Chespin, feeling good?
[CONFIDENT]
Use Tackle.
[TACKLE MOVE]/[EXERTION]
Alright! Now Chespin's moving
like its regular self.
[PROUD]
Let's keep it up.
Use Vine Whip!
[VINE WHIP MOVE]
‐ That won't work on us.
‐ Oh, oh, no.
Use Flamethrower!
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
[PAINED]
‐ Oh! Chespin!
‐ Oh!
Please, Chespin.
You've just got to get up.
'I believe in you.'
[STRUGGLING]
Get up. You can do it.
What's that?
[AMAZED]
Overgrow.
Chespin's Special Ability.
When Chespin's in bad shape, its
Grass‐type moves get stronger.
[TRIUMPHANT]
Yes!
It's time to really show 'em.
[HAPPY]
Vine Whip, let's go.
[DETERMINED]
[VINE WHIP MOVE]
[PAINED]
[SHOCKED]
Great! That's the way to do it.
[PROUD]
I've still got a trick
or two up my sleeve.
I didn't think
I'd need to use this
but I'm gonna
and that'll be that.
But Wylie!
You're going to use that move?
It's much too dangerous
to use and you know it.
Now you be quite.
There's no going back now.
Huh, sounds like a
super‐strong move that could
hurt the Pokémon who uses it.
[SHOCKED]
Heads up.
[NERVOUS]
Now, Mystical Fir..
[groans]
My‐my‐my back! Aah!
Huh? Sir, are you alright?
[CONCERNED]
Oh, dear.
Now didn't I tell you
you'd hurt yourself, Wylie?
Poor thing.
I see. She meant Wylie'd
get hurt, not the Pokémon.
[RELIEVED]
I'd say that's enough
battling for one day, Wylie.
Huh! I guess I'll let you
have this victory.
Well, I suppose we should just
call it a draw.
I'm really sorry that we ended
up dragging all of you
nice folks into our little
family squabble.
We had a fight yesterday.
Really going after that
soup, aren't you?
What do you mean by that?
Are you insinuating
that I'm eating too much?
Nope. I'm just saying a little
restraint's healthy.
Oh, yeah? Well, there'll be no
dinner for you tonight!
Hey! Come on.
[laughing]
Oh. What's that?
Well, you see..
I bought it for you with
the hopes that we could make up.
Wylie. Now, isn't that sweet?
I bet you were gonna apologize
whether I won or lost,
weren't you?
'Course I was.
Well, then, I think we
should all eat Wylie's apology!
‐ What do you say?
‐ You mean it?
‐ Alright!
‐ Delish!
Yay!
Chespin dear,
I can't thank you enough.
I'd say you're a very lucky
Pokémon to have teamed up
with such a good
and caring Trainer.
[HAPPY]
So you didn't run away
because you don't like me?
[DISAGREEING]
Wow. You do.
You like me, Chespin.
Clemont, looks to me like you
imagined the whole thing.
I could tell how much Chespin
cares about you by watching
the two of you in that battle.
Oh, yeah.
You were great.
[IMPRESSED]
You're my special partner.
I hope you and I can be
friends forever.
[HAPPY]
Thanks for everything.
‐ Come back anytime.
‐ Right.
[FRIENDLY]
NARRATOR And so,
a brief misunderstanding
has helped
Clemont and Chespin strengthen
the bond between them
another happy ending
in our heroes'
many exciting adventures,
as the journey continues.
'It looks like
it's getting dark.'
[DISAPPOINTED]
Yeah, it doesn't
look like we'll get
to the Pokémon Center
tonight either.
I have an idea.
Let's just camp out.
I thought of some more
Pokémon to imitate.
[chuckles]
[theme music]